hello selig gold your dance teacher
in this video we offer
with anna the step of rock boat in
four times it's gone
the interest of rock in four times is
to dance to rhythms with
rather slow tempos so you'll have
a music that is not too fast
pretty catchy music but not too much
quick
the rock in four beats will be quite
adapted first rule of this style of
rock is the positioning of the weight of the
body and the alternation of supports we will
try to score well every step is
so to transfer his body weight
this is the first rule the dance of
couple always went from one foot to
another then I make you one
easy and if just to know on which
foot dance so that we go well and
well another one then to continue on
will try to step back
both of them the dancer is watching
move back the left foot the dance is
chose to move back the right foot
we show you that my left foot is going
leave behind the dancer from right
and we put one foot behind and one foot
in front of a step and a front
try to transfer his weight well
body from one foot to another like this
what we did to them would not be on their side
we try to score well back
this movement is reminiscent of a ball in c
-b in English swinging it is said or
swing where you are already at the
half of rock'n'roll
so now just handsets get
swing with the starting step and we
shows you that at the feet
we will have behind and in front and
side the sides and behind and in front and
side is side we try to leave well
both sets back and well
lay on the spot behind and in front and
side is side we will put accounts
when we go back
it will be 1 and 2 back on the spot
3 and 4 years stabilizes and 1 and 2
every time we go back 1
2 etc. 3 and 4
the idea is to be together
with your partner to ask all
two our customers are back and
together two sides to create a
harmony in your dancing couple and and
2 3 and 4
I advise you to learn how to
to consider in talent and in
mastering what you do with the
feet to control the speed of you
tap related to what we hear on
the music
3 4 and 1 2 and 3 and 4 the principle of
couple dancing and trying to
dissociate between the up and down the
upper body will be the part
communicative that allows us to
forward our information down the
rhythmic part the part of the action
feet
all this dissociation is going to you
to communicate and dance in
keeping a harmony with your
partner in this movement not basic
of rock in four times you have this
first dissociation at the level of the
hand the idea is that if you want to be
together with your partner and
back both at the same time
will have to for the dancer try to
push back while going back
that is, I reject the
partner and have moved back
I'm going to push back my partner and have
not far back
I will try to push my
partner just before moving back my
support links on the and before the
a delirium and we give our information
is then back 1 2 3 4 I
regrowth and 3.4 inches 2 3 4
kilometers from a set 3 4 and 2 3 4 and
1 2 3 4 and 1 2 3 and 4
let's talk about the defects of
things you have to try to avoid
first thing is when you step back
your your support
it is not to ask your support
thoroughly, ie to make a support
partial on you shows it gives this 1
1 but mark 1 and 2
3 and the 4 and the 1 and the 2 and the 3 and the
the other fault is to make a big
not when we step back and find each other
with the arms relaxed and far away one of
the other and 1 2 3 4
yes we are very far it is not very very
comfortable to dance while if we
reduce the step that we only go back
foot and not the shoulder and we have some
something that will be much more pleasant to
dance so in summary communication of
the hand mark well supports them a
after another and in years back
without taking a big step here is the step of
rock base in four times you do not have
more than you train press release
trying to do is not to have
a harmony in your dancing couple
then have fun
and see you soon